
**Selected Anser, Correct answer, Time spent**
<div class="timerResultRight">
			<p>History</p>
			<div class="historyTable"><div class="historyTableHead"><div class="date">Date</div><div class="time">Time</div><div class="result">Result</div></div><div class="historyTableRow"><div class="date">30 Nov 2025</div><div class="time green">00:18</div><div class="result">
						<svg xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" width="24" height="25" viewBox="0 0 24 25" fill="none">
							<use href="/static/svg/sprite-viewtopic.svg?cb=4569#timer-status-3"></use>
						</svg>
					<div class="answersPopup"><div class="answersPopupRow first">My Answer: <span>A</span></div><div class="answersPopupRow">Correct Answer: <span>E</span></div></div></div></div><div class="historyTableRow"><div class="date">30 Nov 2025</div><div class="time green">00:01</div><div class="result">
						<svg xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" width="24" height="25" viewBox="0 0 24 25" fill="none">
							<use href="/static/svg/sprite-viewtopic.svg?cb=4569#timer-status-3"></use>
						</svg>
					<div class="answersPopup"><div class="answersPopupRow first">My Answer: <span>B</span></div><div class="answersPopupRow">Correct Answer: <span>E</span></div></div></div></div></div>
		</div>
 Expected result:
 Time spent:  00:18
 Selected Answer: B (My answer, multiple answer due to history, just extract the last one)
 Correct answer: E      
**Passage**
<div class="item text">
								<div class="bbcodeBoxOut"><div class="bbcodeBoxIn"><div>Over the last 150 years, large stretches of salmon habitat have been eliminated by human activity: mining, livestock grazing, timber harvesting, and agriculture as well as recreational and urban development.  The numerical effect is obvious:  there are fewer salmon in degraded regions than in pristine ones; however, habitat loss also has the potential to reduce genetic diversity.  This is most evident in cases where it results in the extinction of entire salmon populations.  Indeed, most analysts believe that some kind of environmental degradation underlies the demise of many extinct salmon populations. Although some rivers have been recolonized, the unique genes of the original populations have been lost.<br><br>Large-scale disturbances in one locale also have the potential to alter the genetic structure of populations in neighboring areas, even if those areas have pristine habitats.  Why?  Although the homing instinct of salmon to their natal stream is strong, a fraction of the fish returning from the sea (rarely more than 15 percent) stray and spawn in nearby streams.  Low levels of straying are crucial, since the process provides a source of novel genes and a mechanism by which a location can be repopulated should the fish there disappear.  Yet high rates of straying can be problematic because misdirected fish may interbreed with the existing stock to such a degree that any local adaptations that are present become diluted.  Straying rates remain relatively low when environmental conditions are stable, but can increase dramatically when streams suffer severe disturbance.  The 1980 volcanic eruption of Mount Saint Helens, for example, sent mud and debris into several tributaries of the Columbia River.  For the next couple of years, steelhead trout (a species included among the salmonids) returning from the sea to spawn were forced to find alternative streams.  As a consequence, their rates of straying, initially 16 percent, rose to more than 40 percent overall.<br><br>Although no one has quantified changes in the rate of straying as a result of the disturbances caused by humans, there is no reason to suspect that the effect would be qualitatively different than what was seen in the <span style="background-color: #FFFF00">aftermath of the Mount Saint Helens eruption</span>.  Such a dramatic increase in straying from damaged areas to more pristine streams results in substantial gene flow, which can in turn <span style="background-color: #FFFF00">lower the overall fitness of subsequent generations</span>.</div></div><div class="bbcodeBoxIn"><div class="question-navigation-wrapper"><button id="prevQuestionBtn" class="question-nav-button left gmatBtn blue" disabled=""><i class="fa-solid fa-arrow-left"></i></button><select id="questionSelector" class="question-selector"><option value="all">All questions</option><option value="0">Question 1</option><option value="1">Question 2</option><option value="2">Question 3</option><option value="3">Question 4</option><option value="4">Question 5</option><option value="5">Question 6</option></select><button id="nextQuestionBtn" class="question-nav-button right gmatBtn blue"><i class="fa-solid fa-arrow-right"></i></button></div><div></div><div class="question_wrapper" id="question_wrapper_1" style="display: block;"><div id="rc_timer_placeholder_1" class="placeholderTimerRC">

Expected result:
Over the last 150 years, large stretches of salmon habitat have been eliminated by human activity: mining, livestock grazing, timber harvesting, and agriculture as well as recreational and urban development.  The numerical effect is obvious:  there are fewer salmon in degraded regions than in pristine ones; however, habitat loss also has the potential to reduce genetic diversity.  This is most evident in cases where it results in the extinction of entire salmon populations.  Indeed, most analysts believe that some kind of environmental degradation underlies the demise of many extinct salmon populations. Although some rivers have been recolonized, the unique genes of the original populations have been lost.
Large-scale disturbances in one locale also have the potential to alter the genetic structure of populations in neighboring areas, even if those areas have pristine habitats.  Why?  Although the homing instinct of salmon to their natal stream is strong, a fraction of the fish returning from the sea (rarely more than 15 percent) stray and spawn in nearby streams.  Low levels of straying are crucial, since the process provides a source of novel genes and a mechanism by which a location can be repopulated should the fish there disappear.  Yet high rates of straying can be problematic because misdirected fish may interbreed with the existing stock to such a degree that any local adaptations that are present become diluted.  Straying rates remain relatively low when environmental conditions are stable, but can increase dramatically when streams suffer severe disturbance.  The 1980 volcanic eruption of Mount Saint Helens, for example, sent mud and debris into several tributaries of the Columbia River.  For the next couple of years, steelhead trout (a species included among the salmonids) returning from the sea to spawn were forced to find alternative streams.  As a consequence, their rates of straying, initially 16 percent, rose to more than 40 percent overall.
Although no one has quantified changes in the rate of straying as a result of the disturbances caused by humans, there is no reason to suspect that the effect would be qualitatively different than what was seen in the <span style="background-color: #FFFF00">aftermath of the Mount Saint Helens eruption</span>.  Such a dramatic increase in straying from damaged areas to more pristine streams results in substantial gene flow, which can in turn <span style="background-color: #FFFF00">lower the overall fitness of subsequent generations</span>.
Rules: 
<br><br>: should sparate as a paragraph 
<span style="background-color: #FFFF00">   </span>: Should convert and mark it in highlight (maybe **{highlight content}**), so later can display this text in highlight

**Question and Answer choices**
</div>undefined<span style="text-decoration: underline">VRC000460-01</span>undefined<br>undefined<span style="font-weight: bold">1. The primary purpose of the passage is to</span>undefined<br>undefined<br>(A) argue against a conventional explanation for the extinction of certain salmon populations and suggest an alternativeundefined<br>(B) correct a common misunderstanding about the behavior of salmon in response to environmental degradation caused by human activityundefined<br>(C) compare the effects of human activity on salmon populations with the effects of natural disturbances on salmon populationsundefined<br>(D) differentiate the particular effects of various human activities on salmon habitatsundefined<br>(E) describe how environmental degradation can cause changes in salmon populations that extend beyond a numerical reductionundefined<br>undefined<br>undefined<br>undefined</div>undefined<div class="question_wrapper" id="question_wrapper_2" style="display: none;">undefined<div id="rc_timer_placeholder_2" class="placeholderTimerRC">undefined<script type="text/javascript"></script>
Expected:
Question: 
The primary purpose of the passage is to
Answer choices: 
(A) argue against a conventional explanation for the extinction of certain salmon populations and suggest an alternativeundefined
(B) correct a common misunderstanding about the behavior of salmon in response to environmental degradation caused by human activityundefined
(C) compare the effects of human activity on salmon populations with the effects of natural disturbances on salmon populationsundefined
(D) differentiate the particular effects of various human activities on salmon habitatsundefined
(E) describe how environmental degradation can cause changes in salmon populations that extend beyond a numerical reduction
Rules: 
- Letter A,B,C,D,E can be: (A) or A. or A) or A: (make sure corver all cases, or just check let A, B... and dont care the sign)